# INST377-Extra-Credit

From this experience of using a GPT-4 to try and recreate my final project, I have realized that it is more capable of coding an entire working website than I thought. However, with the extent of my project, there were some parts of the website that was not able to be sucessfully implemented. The only feature of the website that works is the input box and listing out the filtered list based on the input. All the other features like using the radio buttons to filter the list, using the refresh button, and the markers on the map still does not work properly. I have tried to ask the bot several different prompts to see if it can be fixed, but it repeats its answers if there are no other solution. Although, GPT-4 is more advanced, there are still plenty of flaws in its ability to successfully code a fully working website. Possibly with enough time to chat back and forth, it could be possible but with a time constraint, GPT-4 is not capable of that yet. In terms of coding the labs in this class, it is very possible that it can do it successfully due to the symplicity of the labs. Lastly, some JavaScript coding background is needed to understand where to place the generated code and how to implement it successfully. Sometimes the bot does not specify where to place the code which can cause errors if placed in the wrong spot. Overall, GPT-4 is the future in terms of creating websites but there is still plenty of room for improvement needed to create advanced websites.